Matthew McConaughey was here last night
with Snoop Dogg they were promoting
their new movie the beach bum and in the
movie Matthew plays guy named moon dog
is his character moon dog among other
things as a marijuana enthusiast and he
came up Matt came up with an interesting
idea we said moon dog not Matt out on to
Hollywood Boulevard to offer people a
variety of cannabis infused products
which was really just a bunch of stuff
we bought at the grocery store there was
no marijuana in them but did that stop
people from pretending to be dazed and
confused well let's find out and
tonight's moon dog edition of hi witness
news all right now before we try one of
these got to tell you it's a very quick
rant meaning in five to six seconds
you're gonna feel it okay this is called
the pot dog now in these fresh tomatoes
I've infused a little bit of THC which
is all organic and in this mustard I've
confused lemon zest with THC
do that along with the hot dog take the
bite of that
how do you feel right now before your
good good now try that okay
choo choooo choooo choooo choooo six
five four three two
things starting down here
about your toes you hit that clear that
clear now now now now now okay your
entire cabeza
what just happened I think this is tell
me when you feel something yeah
something like relaxing coming over
let's travel more baseline yeah like I'm
at the beach your legs are gummy bear
jelly leg
[Music]
[Applause]
whoa did damn rub it in gonna yeah
that's tight girl like that I'm children
man yourselves here I don't go with
cards man next time we run to each
other's next time we run into each other
it's infused with organic tomatoes and
teensy you have children do not give
them this comes out tomorrow I am Jimmy
Kimmel and I am NOT allowed to eat this
cookie until you click the subscribe
button so please click now I'm hungry